com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$id: int dialog_text
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$id: int message
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$id: int passwd_dialog
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$id: int progress
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$id: int working
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$layout: int main
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$layout: int passwd
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int app_name
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int cancel
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int check_account_passwd
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int download_package
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int error_download
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int install_package
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int login_google
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int no_google_account
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int ok
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int password
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int request_market
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.R$string: int select_account
com.gmail.nagamatu.radiko.installer.RadikoInstallerActivity
